Scions of Channeling
To do:

Implementation:
Add Scrolls 								- Done!
Add Healing Spell 							- Done!
Add Enemy spells 							- Done!
Add Status Effects 							- Done!
Be able to sell items 						- Done!
Add Monster Loot 							- Done!
Regen Spell 								- Done!
Dispell Spell 								- Done!
Corruption Spell 							- Done!
Dynamic Spell Numbering, spell class? 		- Done!
Drain Life Spell 							- Done!
AoE Spells 									- Done!
ID system to all classes 					- Done!
Individual Enemy Attack Descriptions 		- Done!
Create common ITEM class 					- Done!
Spell Tomes 								- Done!
Add followers 								- Done!
Inspect Battle Option 						- Done!
Be able to heal followers					- Done!
Replace function when inventory is full 	- Done!
Enemy descriptions							- Done!
Add a combat variable to spells				- Done!
Magic Defense								- Done!
Revise drop system							- Done!
Multiple save files							- Done!
Rewrite Hadgar Dialogue						- Done!
Overhaul input to use getch					- Done!
Key bindings for use with getch				- Done!
Stealth system for Nightblades 				- Done!
Tavern Brawls								- Done!
Clear/clean functions file					- Done?
Change the spacing of combat				- 95%
Magic/skills in other classes				- 80%
Add repeatable random events(Explore)		- 80%
Add more tips								- 60%
Tavern rumours and events 					- 30%
Add a tutorial								- 10%
Add a description after the fight at Tyria.
Fanfare after winning the tournament
More character customization
Introduce stock to stores

Bug Fixing etc:
Update Scrolls 																	- Done!
Clean player class 																- Done!
Spell Fix 																		- Done!
Using Scrolls out of combat 													- Done!
Remove time system, creates tedious gameplay 									- Done!
Revise Spell System 															- Done!
Poison heals 																	- Fixed!
killCheck when using spells 													- Fixed!
When last enemy dies of corruption, battle does not end before next turn. 		- Fixed!
Move actual casting to Spell class? 											- Done!
After changes combat is severely bugged 										- Fixed!
Running from tournament battle counts as win 									- Fixed
Scrolls take mana 																- Fixed
Redo spellDisplay() 															- Done!
Location Handling 																- Done!
Additional non attacking enemy stalling victory									- Fixed
You can cast spells on dead foes												- Fixed!
Scrolls doesn't work on followers												- Fixed!
After ID change monster gen seems much less random, a lot of the same monsters  - Fixed!
Change inventoryDisplay to use Choose functions									- Done!
Revise spell system again. Remove affinity, Obsolete Magic class.				- Done!
Somehow the value of Mana barrier gets set to 0 after being initialized to 3    - Fixed!
Dispell scroll is used even if you cancel										- Fixed!
One-Eyed Raven is always the first enemy										- Fixed!			
Fix spell naming to work with binding saves										- Fixed!
AoE Scrolls does not work, implement a new way to handle AoE spells				- Done!
Make number bindings work in combat												- Done!
Move enemy buffer to player class												- Done!
Screwed over number binding with new fix										- Fixed!
Doesn't save variables(tournament result)										- Fixed!
Enchant Weapon gets overwritten 												- Fixed!
Dying at the defence of Tyria gives you unconscious message						- Fixed!
Flame Haze deals ~-18 damage													- Fixed!
Only a pause when dust devil is supposed to attack								- Fixed!
Pause() doesn't work at certain instances, so dialogue is skipped				- Fixed!
Bought armor is not equipped?													- Fixed!
If an enemy dies from an effect it attacks once after							- Fixed!
Make inventory items shift upwards to fill empty slots							- Done!
fix key bindings tips and initial key binding for channelers and nightblade		- Done!
enemy sorting doesn't work														- Fixed!
Followers kept between saves													- Fixed!
Skips messages at times															- Fixed, or very rare
Quick action is broken, counts as a normal action								- Fixed
Tavern returns you to Tyria at any selection									- Fixed
Combat clears if enemy attacks before you in first round of combat				- Fixed
Enemies sometimes attack after dying?
Combat spacing is off when companions are involved.
		
To finish:
Main story 				- 80%
Balancing stats 		- 90%
Consolidating Code		- 90%

Think of:
Should all text be slow scroll for the first time you see it?
Rethink spell descriptions, add flexibility for enemy casters